# Statement
Due to my poor English, the following translations are from Google Translate. If you have any questions, please contact me via email (luotixin@126.com).

# Sleuth
A decentralized search engine based on blockchain technology

This project aims to use blockchain technology to provide a decentralized search framework for search engines, not to solve the problem of search business itself.

I wrote the entire bottom layer by myself, referring to some design ideas of Bitcoin, regardless of the quality, first try the feasibility.

The first release on Github, I hope more people will pay attention and participate in this project.

# research direction
Blockchain is a very good research direction and very interesting.

The current search engine technology is too centralized. In fact, I don't like the existing search engine presentation, and the information control is very strict. This project hopes to present a diversified Internet information world.

# Technology selection
This project uses Java as the development language and refers to the design ideas of Bitcoin, such as UTXO design, key pair design, PoW mining mechanism, etc.

The search engine technology uses Crawler4j as the basic design, and the search engine technology will be strengthened later.

Communication uses Netty as the underlying communication architecture. Due to its excellent performance, Netty is widely used in various projects.

There are more techniques used...

Of course, the project does not completely imitate the Bitcoin design, but refers to the partial design. The project only solves the basic digital currency problem, and more on the realization of the decentralized search technology architecture itself.

# Innovative place

This project also designed some innovative technologies, including **Dual Merkel Tree**, **Reward and Mining Separation Design**.

### Double Merkel Tree
> In blockchains such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, there is only one Merkel tree in a block. In this project, dual Merkel trees are used, one is the transaction tree and the other is the resource tree (WebURI).
>
> Transaction tree: The transaction tree is no different from the Merkel tree in the general block, ensuring that the data cannot be tampered with.
>
> Resource tree: The bottom layer of the resource tree is also a Merkel tree, which only becomes a resource tree according to business needs. In-depth transformation will be carried out later to ensure that the data cannot be tampered with.
The resource tree stores the website domain names mined by each node from the network, which are sent to all nodes by broadcasting. When the blocks are packaged, the newly mined website domain names will be packaged to create a resource tree to form blocks and broadcast to All nodes.
At the same time, the corresponding rewards are allocated, and the reward rules refer to the chapter of **Digital Currency Design**.

### The separation of rewards and mining.
> In Bitcoin's design, rewards can only be obtained by generating blocks. In this project, rewards can only be obtained when new websites are dug out. Blocks generated by packaged transactions cannot be rewarded. All rewards depend on the mining of new websites.
>
> The project also uses the POW algorithm to maintain the block generation speed at about 5 minutes. Because the block generation reward rule is not used, no matter how strong the computing power is, the project will not be able to obtain better benefits, and there is no increase in computing power. Any meaning.

# Digital currency design

Reward ceiling: **98000000**, it will not be issued or destroyed.

Digital currency will be used to support the development of the search business itself, such as paid search and advertising business.

### Coin creation reward rules, divided into three stages
| stage  | Reward ceiling | Block height | Single block reward |
|---- | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Stage one  | 73584000 | 0 ~ 52560 | 1400/Block |
| Stage two  | 18144000 | 52561 ~ 78481 | 700/Block |
| Stage three  | 73584000 | 78482 ~ 109842 | 200/Block |

# contact me
Email: luotixin@126.com
